RS: Update known issues in 6.4.2 & 6.2 release notes (#2587)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-2-12.md

- RS54131 Returning +OK reply from the QUIT command on a TLS enabled database

- RS40641 - API requests are redirected to an internal IP in case the request arrives from a node which is not the master. To avoid this issue, use [`rladmin cluster config`]({{<relref "/rs/references/cli-utilities/rladmin/cluster/config">}}) to configure `handle_redirects` or `handle_metrics_redirects`.

> - RS62986 - When upgrading from version 6.0.x to 6.2.x, you must restart `cnm_exec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RS62986 - After upgrading from version 6.0.x to 6.2.x, you must restart `cnm_exec` on each cluster node. Failure to do so will prevent more advanced state machine handling capabilities from being enabled. To restart, run `supervisorctl restart cnm_exec`.
```
